c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll.config
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.pdb
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.dll
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.pdb
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll
c:\users\ozhan.gulal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.pdb
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.pdb
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.dll.config
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\Yeni klasör\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.pdb
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Common.pdb
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\ECommerce.Entity.dll.config
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.dll
C:\Users\berilbaltaci\Desktop\proje\ECommerceSample\ECommerceSample\ECommerce.Common\obj\Debug\ECommerce.Common.pdb
